Beetles Booze And Specialty Brews!:
(Exterior) 
A shoddily built ‘tavern’ style building. It looks like someone tried to build over a tavern that was already there and failed to do so horribly.
The only way to tell that this place was even a shop was the creaking of rusting chains and nails that are holding up a medium sized sign that reads-

“Beetlez Booz And Specialty Brewz!”

Along with carved wooden bottles dangling from the bottom of the sign like wind chimes each bottle has carved ghosts on them.
The sign itself seems to be an old piece of rotten driftwood which has seemingly never been cleaned off, allowing the moss to grow and drape down dripping through the links of the chains holding the bottles onto the sign. 
The name of the shop looks drunkenly etched into the rotting wood sign.

(Interior)
After opening the old door, it creaks loudly before clicking behind a door stop. 
As you'd step into the shop your nose is immediately hit with the scent of river moss and rotting  fruit with a hint of wet wood.

The walls are lined with wet moss and creaking shelves that hold up at least 50 or so bottles that flash with a soft blue light occasionally.
It's clear that the wall papers are slowly peeling away and being covered with rotting wood and rusted nails.

(Shop-Owner: Beetle)
A hefty man is behind the counter wearing a ratty torn up white and black vertical striped suit with a dark grey under shirt that's drenched in some kind of strong spirit.

His stench is of an alcohol drenched gym sock that's been left to mold and rot out in the woods.

The man's hair is a radioactive green color that seems to never move even when he stretches his body in his creaking chair with a low gravely groan from the movement.


His voice is attuned to that of a smoker with his gravelly tone and heavy raspy voice.

(Items the shop sells)
Bottle o Booz!  -10 Primordia

Utility.
Bottle o Booz:

A large bottle full of miss colored spirits that swirl around violently when surrounded or near by undead creatures.
Vengeful Spirit. -18 Primordia

Attack.
Vengeful Spirit:

Bottle full of vengeful spirits, once thrown and broken, releases a torrent of powerful lashes as the spirits attack the nearest target.
Specialty Booz. -8 Primordia

Random Effect.
Specialty Booz:

Once broken gives a random status effect to the user or enemies.

Ranges from Immolation, Frostbite, Healing, Regeneration, Bleeding, Plagued, Strengthened and Blindness. 
Shoe Soul. -2 Primordia 

Buff.
Shoe Soul:

Such a bottom of the bin soul that it is literally held… in the sole of a random shoe.

Adds a buff to speed.
Imbue Soul. -30 Primordia

Buffs weapon.
Imbue Soul:

Put a soul of your choice into your weapon.

Based on the soul, it can buff certain aspects of a weapon.
Beetle’z bag o tricks!. -60 Primordia

Holding, Buff and Attack.
Beetle’z bag o tricks!:

A completely chaotic bag of holding that has been reworked by beetle himself to have a machine in it that constantly produces new Specialty Booz.
